We now created a new GitHub repository.
We're now going to add in a little bit of code to our GitHub repo itself to make sure that we run our
tests.
Any time we create a new poll request to merge code into our master branch, let's take a look at a
quick diagram.
Understand how this is going to work.
So we're going to use a feature on GitHub called GitHub actions on GitHub.
Any time that you push some code, create a pull, request, pull, request, closed.
Anytime a repository is forked in a variety of many other events occur, that is going to trigger a
event internally inside of GitHub.
And when I say event right here, I'm not talking about an event inside of our Kubernetes cluster,
I'm talking about an event on GitHub itself.
Whenever one of these events occurs, we can optionally run a GitHub action, a GitHub action as a little
script.
We can put any code inside that script that we want to somehow run commands, run our test, deploy
our app.
We can do just about anything you can imagine.
So we're going to create a GitHub action that is going to trigger any time that we create a pull request
to merge into the master branch.
We're also going to make sure that this GitHub action is going to run.
Any time that we update that pull request as well inside of our GitHub action, we're going to write
out some code to take a look at each of our individual services and run the test inside them.
If any of those tests fail for any reason, we're then going to be told on the pull request that we
have created that something is wrong with our code and that we need to fix it.
Now, if you want to read more about GitHub actions on your own, you can take a look at the official
help page on GitHub at Help GitHub.
If you're going for English actions and you can read a lot of documentation about GitHub actions and
how they work.
One of the most popular pages you're going to want to read, or most important, I should say, is events
that trigger workflows.
And this will tell you about all the different things that can occur inside of GitHub that is going
to trigger a GitHub action or essentially run one of these scripts we're going to put together.
Okay.
So let's put our first script together right now.
Back over on a repository on the very top.
I'm going to go to the tab that says Actions.
We then get prompted with a couple of different options here.
We can either make use of one that's already been put together for us.
We're going to write our own from scratch, so I'm going to find simple workflow and just get set up
this workflow.
If you do not see something that says simple workflow or something like that, no problem.
You can click on any of the existing workflows on there.
Just on any of them just hit setup, you'll be taken to a page like this and once here we're going to
highlight everything and delete it.
So again, doesn't really matter which of those starting points you use, just click on any of them
and then delete everything inside this file.
The first thing we're going to do here is rename the file that we are creating.
We're going to rename this to test HTML because it's going to run the test inside of our project.
Now inside of this editor right here, we are going to write out some amount of code that's going to
configure this GitHub action.
In particular, we're going to write out some configuration that says when we want to run this action
and then we're going to also write out the script that is actually going to run our tests.
So in general, this is going to be a little bit of just copy paste, writing out what I write.
It's a special little syntax.
It is YAML technically, but the actual options we write in here is just something you're going to learn
over time.
The first thing I'm going to do is provide a name for this workflow or this GitHub action.
I'm going to call it test just to mirror the name of the file.
Then going to put in here.
And this autocomplete is really running me through a loop.
There we go.
We're going to put in on this on section is going to determine when we are going to run this workflow.
So this would be where we configure say let's run this GitHub action whenever code is pushed or pull
requests created or so on.
For you and I, we want to run this workflow any time a pull request is created.
So we're going to put in pull request like so, and that's it.
Now technically, by putting in pull request right here, we're going to trigger this workflow more
often than if we just create a request.
When we put in polar request by itself.
We can go back over this documentation page or events that trigger workflows.
I'm going to search on here for polar request.
And there we go.
So if we write out, just pull request by itself.
Then technically this workflow is going to run any time that a request is created or updated or reopened
by just writing up a request that is going to determine when we run the script.
After that section I then going to put in a jobs.
Then built.
And this autocomplete again is really irritating.
Inside this build section we're going to write out runs on the wound to latest.
We're then going to put in a step section.
Inside of here.
We're going to write out uses.
And then actions slash checkout at the two.
So this job section right here is going to define some number of things that we want to do whenever
a request is created, reopened or updated.
In particular, we want to start up some kind of virtual machine or really it is a container.
We are going to be running on the Ubuntu operating system and the first thing we want to do inside of
our little script is take all the code out of our project.
That's what this uses.
Step right here does.
We're then going to set up a series of commands to run inside of our project.
So I'm going to put in another array entry here.
I'm going to say run, and then I'm going to put in a command that is going to run all the tests inside
of just my auth service.
We'll start out with just the alt service for right now.
Inside if you are going to put in CD into the directory.
And install all the dependencies inside there and run all of our tests and remember to run our tests.
We put in RPM run test.
Now there's a little gotcha.
We cannot just run our test directly.
I'll tell you why in just a moment.
So we're going to slightly massage that command and change it to NPM run test colon psi.
And that is it.
That's all we're going to do for right now.
Now the syntax here and understanding what is going on is just a little bit confusing.
This is one of those things where once you see it in action, it really is going to make a lot more
sense.
So the changes we have made here.
It's going to make sure that whenever we create, update or reopen a pool request, we are going to
install dependencies into our auth project and run the script inside there.
If right now, let's just commit this file, let's save it as is.
We're then going to create a new branch inside of our local git repository.
Pushed it up to this GitHub repo, open a pull request and then just see what happens on the top right
hand side.
I'm going to find the start commit button and then I'll click on Commit New File.
Okay.
So we have now created a GitHub action by creating that file and putting a little bit of configuration
in there.
Let's take a pause here.
We come back to the next video.
We're going to make a very small change to our project on a branch.
We're then going to commit that, do all that stuff.
We just discussed the quick pause, and I'll see you in just a minute.